docs(CRDs): add deprecation notice (#1617)
containous/traefik-helm-chart: README.md

Starting with v34.x, to work around [Helm caveats](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_best_practices/custom_resource_definitions/#some-caveats-and-explanations), you can use an additional chart dedicated to CRDs: **traefik-crds**.

> This has been deprecated since v38.0.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ This has been deprecated since v38.0.2.
```

### Upgrade from the Standard Traefik Chart to Traefik + Opt-In CRDs Chart

> [!Caution]

> > The CRD chart is deprecated. It will be removed soon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `traefik-crds` chart is deprecated. It will be removed soon
```
